Google just dropped something wild.
Notebook LM can now make full cinematic
videos from your notes in minutes. No
camera, no editor, no crew. And I'm
going to show you exactly how to use it
to grow your business. Plus, we've got
more Google updates this week that are
going to save you hours. Let's get into
it. Okay, first quick background. If
you're new to Notebook LM, Notebook LM
is Google's AI research tool. You upload
sources, PDFs, docs, YouTube links,
Google Docs, websites, and it reads all
of them. Then you can ask it questions,
get summaries, create study guides, and
more. It's like having a research
assistant that actually reads everything
you give it. And it's been getting
better fast. But this new update, this
is the one. Notebook LM just launched.
Cinematic video overviews. This is a
brand new feature and it's only
available right now for Ultra users in
English. Here's what it does. You give
Notebook LM your sources, your notes,
your docs, your research, and it turns
it into a full video. Not just a
slideshow, not just text on a screen, a
cinematic video with visuals, narration,
and structure, all generated by AI
automatically. This is huge. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Think about what this means for
content creators, educators, business
owners, anyone who wants to communicate
ideas clearly without spending days
editing. Let me walk you through exactly
how this works. Step one, you go to
notebook limb. Step two, you create a
new notebook and upload your sources.
Could be a PDF, a Google doc, a YouTube
video link, a copied article, whatever.
Step three, once notebook LM has
processed your sources, you look for the
new video overview option. Step four,
you click generate and Notebook LM
builds you a cinematic video based on
your content. That's it. No editing
software, no recording yourself, no
expensive production team. Now, I want
to show you a real example of how you'd
use this because this is where it gets
exciting. Let's say you run an AI
automation community like the AI Profit
Boardroom. The AI Profit Boardroom is
the best place to scale your business,
get more customers, and save hundreds of
hours using AI automation. Now, imagine
you want to create a video that explains
what the community is, what members get,
and why they should join. Normally, that
takes writing a script, recording,
editing, adding graphics, maybe hiring
someone. With notebook, LM's cinematic
video overviews. Here's what you do
instead. You upload your community
overview doc, your sales page copy, any
case studies you have, and a Google doc
outlining your community benefits. Then,
you prompt it like this. Create a
cinematic video overview explaining the
AI profit boardroom, what it is, who
it's for, and the key benefits members
get. Focus on how AI automation saves
time, gets more customers, and scales
businesses. Make it feel professional,
clear, and compelling for business
owners who want to use AI but don't know
where to start. And Notebook LM takes
everything you've uploaded and turns it
into a video, structured, narrated,
cinematic. You could use this for
onboarding videos for new members,
explainer videos for your landing page,
content for social media, or training
materials for your team. The use cases
are massive. By the way, if you want to
go deeper on using tools like Notebook
LM to automate your business and get
more customers, the AI Profit Boardroom
is the best place to be. We cover
exactly how to use AI tools like this
one step by step to grow your business,
save time, and get more clients. Link is
in the comment and description. Check it
out. Now, back to the update because I
haven't told you everything yet. Let me
zoom out for a second. Video content is
one of the most powerful ways to grow a
business online. It builds trust. It
explains complex things simply. It
converts. That's been the barrier for a
lot of business owners. You know, you
should be putting out video content,
right? But it's just too much work.
Notebook LM's cinematic video overviews
starts to remove that barrier. You
already have the content or your notes,
your docs, your knowledge. Now you can
turn that into video automatically.
That's not a small thing. That's a shift
in how content creation works. See? So,
who can actually use this feature today?
Right now, cinematic video overviews is
available for Notebook LM Ultra users in
English. Notebook LM Ultra is Google's
paid tier. If you're not on Ultra yet
and you want access to features like
this as they roll out, it's worth
considering. Google has been moving fast
with Notebook LM updates. The audio
overviews feature where Notebook LM
creates a podcast style conversation
from your sources was already a
gamecher. Now they've added video and
this is just the beginning. There is a
lot more coming from Google and I'll
keep you updated every week right here.
Let me give you some practical tips for
getting the best results from this
feature. Be specific with your sources.
The better the input, the better the
video. So upload focused, relevant
documents and don't just throw in random
stuff. Think about the purpose of the
video before you generate it. Is this
for onboarding, sales, education, or
training? That changes what you upload
and how you prompt it. Use it to
repurpose content you already have. Got
a long blog post, a detailed report, or
an email sequence. Upload it and turn it
into a video. Iterate, generate the
first version, see what you get, then
refine your sources or your prompt and
generate again. And use the video as a
base. Take the output and build on it.
Add your own branding, voice over, or
clips. and use it as a starting point,
not necessarily the finished product.
Okay, so that's the headline, Notebook
LM cinematic video overviews. But Google
has been busy across the board this
week. There's a lot more happening and
I'm going to be covering more of these
updates in upcoming videos. So, if you
want to stay ahead of what's coming with
Google's AI tools, make sure you're
subscribed. New videos every week. The
updates are moving fast. You don't want
to miss what's coming next. Let me bring
this back to the big picture for a
second. Every week I talk about AI
tools, new features, new updates. But
the point isn't just to know about these
tools. The point is to use them
systematically to save time and grow
your business. Notebook LM's video
overviews is a perfect example of an AI
tool that replaces a task that used to
take hours. creating a video overview of
your community, your product, your
service, your training. That's a real
business task. And now AI can do the
heavy lifting on it. That's what AI
automation is about. Not just playing
with tools, building real systems that
save you real time. And when you stack
these tools together, Notebook LM for
video, other AI tools for content
automation outreach. The compounding
effect is massive. That's exactly what
we teach in the AI profit boardroom. How
to stack AI tools into a real system
that works for your business. Quick
recap before we wrap up. Notebook LM
just launched cinematic video overviews.
It's available now for ultra users in
English. You upload your sources. It
generates a cinematic video
automatically. This is a huge deal for
anyone who wants to create professional
video content without a big production
budget or time investment. Use it for
onboarding, explainers, sales content,
training, and social media. And Google
has more updates coming. So stay tuned.
And here's the thing most people miss.
They see a new AI tool, they try it
once, they get an okay result, and they
move on. That's not how you win with AI.
The people who are really getting
results, the members inside the AI
profit boardroom, they're not just
testing tools. They're building
workflows. They're taking something like
Notebook LM video overviews and plugging
it into a bigger system. They upload
their best content, generate the video,
use that video on their landing page,
share clips on social, and send it to
their email list. One tool, one input,
multiple outputs, that's how you get
leverage. That's how you do more with
less. And that's the mindset shift that
changes everything when it comes to AI
automation. If you want to learn how to
use AI tools like Notebook LM to
automate your business, create better
content faster, and get more customers,
the AI profit boardroom is the place. We
show you step by step how to build real
AI systems for your business. Everything
you need, SOPs, strategies, community
link is in the description and comments.
And if you want the full process, SLPs,
and over a 100 AI use cases like this
one, join the AI success lab. It's free.
Link is in the comments and description.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
45,000 members who are crushing it with
AI.